docs(ddx): add information how to validate email address (#4743)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/dedibox-account/how-to/update-email.mdx

- A Dedibox account logged into the [console](https://console.online.net)

## How to update your email address

> 1. Click your username, next to _logged in as_, in the top right corner of the Dedibox console. Then click **Account information** in the pop-up menu. The account information page displays.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click your username, next to **_logged in as_**, in the top right corner of the Dedibox console. Then click **Account information** in the pop-up menu. The account information page displays.
```

You have now linked your new email address to your Scaleway Dedibox account.

## How to validate your email address

<Message type="important">
  To enhance the security of your Dedibox account and ensure a smooth experience, it is required to verify your email address.

>   In case you have not yet verified the email address linked to your Dedibox account, please complete the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you have not yet verified the email address linked to your Dedibox account, please complete the steps below.
```

</Message>

> 1. Click your username, next to _logged in as_, in the top right corner of the Dedibox console. Then click **Account information** in the pop-up menu. The account information page displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click your username, next to **_logged in as_**, in the top right corner of the Dedibox console. Then click **Account information** in the pop-up menu. The account information page displays.
```
